Text
A Lion lay asleep in the forest, his great head resting on his paws. A timid little Mouse came upon him unexpectedly, and in her fright and haste to get away, ran across the Lion's nose. Roused from his nap, the Lion laid his huge paw angrily on the tiny creature to kill her."Spare me!" begged the poor Mouse. "Please let me go and some day I will surely repay you."The Lion was much amused to think that a Mouse could ever help him. But he was generous and finally let the Mouse go.Some days later, while stalking his prey in the forest, the Lion was caught in the toils of a hunter's net. Unable to free himself, he filled the forest with his angry roaring. The Mouse knew the voice and quickly found the Lion struggling in the net. Running to one of the great ropes that bound him, she gnawed it until it parted, and soon the Lion was free."You laughed when I said I would repay you," said the Mouse. "Now you see that even a Mouse can help a Lion."
Summary
The lion is asleep in the middle of the jungle and a mouse runs over his paw by accident. The lion wakes up when he feels the mouse on his paw and threatens to eat the mouse. The mouse begs for his life, saying that if the lion will free him the mouse will return the favour one day. The lion laughs at the idea that the mouse will be able to do something for him, but decides to let him go. Some time passes, and the mouse hears the lion roaring in the jungle. The mouse goes to see what has happened and finds the lion trapped in a net. The mouse sets to work chewing through the net and is able to free the lion.
<<<<<<< Updated upstream

TEXT 2
The movie starts off with a man in a coat and hat trying to defuse a bomb. He gets distracted by a gunshot and before the bomb can be safely defused, it blows up burning the face of the man in the coat and hat. Another person walks up to burnt man and helps him reach out to a violin case. The burnt man uses the violin box and disappears. There are three people in this scene. The man trying to defuse the bomb, this is John. The man who fires at John, this is the Fizzle bomber and the man who helps John with the violin case, this is the Barkeep. The point to be noted here is that they are all the same person from 3 different times. Don’t give it too much thought right now. Read on further.Burnt face man, John, goes back to a future time – 1992, and gets his face grafted. Since his face is completely destroyed, they give him a new face. This is the face that we will refer to as Barkeep. John/Barkeep has been trying to hunt down a chain bomber that they call the Fizzle bomber. He has been trying to stop a major New York event in 1975 which kills over 10,000 people, but has been unsuccessful so far. He is a temporal agent of a mysterious Temporal Bureau who have the ability to travel through time.Barkeep has one final mission he has to embark on now. For which he travels back to 1970 and plays the role of a barkeep. His younger self, John from 1970, arrives at the bar. They start talking. John reveals that he is the author – Unmarried Mother. John starts telling the story of his life where he was born a girl and was called Jane. Jane was a baby abandoned at an orphanage in 1945. Jane never ends up getting adopted and she eventually tries to join the Space Corps program headed by one Mr. Robertson. Jane gets rejected from the program because something in her physiology is “odd”. But they don’t tell her that when they disqualify her. They simply pin the disqualification on the fight Jane has with another girl in the Corp. This detail comes as a flashback later on in the movie.Jane gives up and attends night school where she bumps into a stranger. She falls in love with him, but the stranger disappears on Jane one day, leaving her waiting on a bench. We will get back to who this stranger is in a bit. Jane realizes that she is pregnant. She delivers a baby successfully but the doctor tells her that Jane has an “odd” physiology – she has fully formed male and female organs. Complications in delivery result in the doctors only being able to save the male organs. Jane will need to change to a man as a result. Soon after this, her baby gets stolen. Jane becomes John over time.John completes telling this story to the Barkeep. However, the Barkeep knows all of this. It is his own life’s story after all. He doesn’t reveal that yet. Barkeep tells John that he knows the location of the “stranger” who ruined Jane’s life. Barkeep promises that he will give John the opportunity of revenge, of killing that stranger free of any consequences. John and Barkeep use the violin box to travel back in time to the point where Jane was attending night school. John equips himself with a gun and goes looking for the stranger but bumps into Jane. John soon realizes that he is that “stranger”. He falls in love with Jane and has sex with her.Yes, folks, the male self goes back in time when he was female and has sex with him/herself. Bizarre, we now know another one of those things that is apparently possible in this universe of the film. Talk about self-sufficient! Hang on, there is more to come.While all of this is happening, Barkeep quietly slips out and goes forward to 1970 – to the event of the bomb defusal, the first scene of the movie. Barkeep arrives to notice the Fizzle bomber placing the bomb; they get into a gunfight, then into a fist fight. Barkeep gets his ass handed to him and faints. He wakes up just in time to see John’s face getting burnt trying to defuse the bomb. Barkeep helps John with the violin box. The Fizzle bomber escapes.Barkeep heads to the time when Jane has given birth. Mr. Robertson joins him there. It is shown that he too has a little violin box of his own and can travel through time, he seems to head the Temporal Bureau. Barkeep steals Jane’s baby and travels back to 1945 with the baby. He abandons the baby at the orphanage.Yep, not only does the male from a future time has sex with his past girl self, the baby born as a result is the origin of him/herself too. Messed up right? That is truly self-sufficient indeed! This also explains why the baby would grow with both sex organs. Ladies and gentlemen, that’s your predestination and bootstrap paradox right there. Jane/John is a self-created entity because the “he” from a future time has sex with the “she” from a past time.Once Barkeep leaves the baby, he returns to the time John and Jane are still together. He signals for John, John leaves Jane waiting on the bench. Barkeep tells John that they need to leave this time and travel forward. At this point Barkeep tells John that he too is John from a future time with a different face – however, in the movie, this portion is disclosed only in the end. Barkeep and John travel forward to 1985. Barkeep meets Mr. Robertson and leaves John to recover there and travels back to 1975 for retirement. By now Barkeep has made an audio recording for John to hear and follow. Barkeep heads off to 1975 (just before the New York event date).John recovers from the shock of the truth and uses the tape left to him by Barkeep to prep to become a temporal agent. Seven years later, in 1992, John jumps back to 1970 wearing a coat and a hat to defuse a bomb set by the Fizzle bomber. John gets into a gunfight with the Fizzle bomber and ends up getting distracted. The bomb goes off burning John’s face.There you have it. That explains why in the first scene of the movie you have 3 people – John, Barkeep and Fizzle bomber who are the same person from 3 different times.
=======
>>>>>>> Stashed changes

iPhone 13 from axe or anything i think about it is found that genuinely better than 13 and 14 rakshak 142. Exams. So this you wake up free big upgrade. Kis cast in same design as last year as on 30 nov ready is this week there are over and you're a 16 by the smaller nach at sarah this 12 phone has all the three major things it is found is better than regular protein will be the screen. The bhairavi. Any cameras. Everything is going well that's the same was it with exit is better about 1312 everywhere. Statistics of pyramid in all those things that start with the screen 
13 pro is the same size as the 13 13 pro max is bigger again sim sizes and regulations as last year. But there is a small in us. Maxwell better on the big screen even if there is no more information on next screen. Display is actually no db rider here even worse is the thirteen thousand 
next next prime minister 813 anyone 1200 speak with hdr and related is viewable everywhere outdoors create responsive coronavirus and its terminals coactivator lete news after finally is apple pro funds now getting promotion meaning of the firefighters play. If the top 10 time also really interesting to watch on folder. Tomato grafting and 20% play in the morning going the day there is a couple different configurations and nuances in things to be able to do to do it well. People even notice things so as a self-proclaimed 6120 s s on his seen our phones apple has done really well and over what is also an lcd display meaning is an adaptive variable refresh rate that can ramp up to 120 words for awesome now down to a slower standards that we asked for the phone refresh rates that cycle between which is 7 more than a third row. Subway surfers plant you exactly what happened on the display so if you're watching it 24fps movie display on minister first 24 hours to seconds. Scrolling website or social media will be nice and smooth it is gaining its pinder 120 hz. Parikshit just sitting on home screen reading some text back in email not accepting on the screen taking revolve 810 herbs which can say where it so this is done for us and other forms in a great solution for is different phones ramp up at different times in 55 reasons in different amounts. I am sorry i like it no matter how high refresh rate on android phone i have. It's over 60% google maps google maps the whole lesson the phone notification panel using applesauce 60. Coronavirus i per vehicle gps app. Counting stars turns out the prices were people of nur sbi phone doesn't ramp-up 226 in practical 12 places in february apps what's to stays at 60. Rest system using alternative apps i was actually pretty impressed by how many aur ready using 125 animations in obese apps inside and out of stock smoother and more responses or so i was mirabeau responses. That apple has detailed instructions on how to make it easy for developers to update apps 24 support promotion exactly the weather wanted so when your favourite apps get updated. Opposite of present a pink said. New very people who get this phone. Even norris. Promotion. Is a forward direction phenomenon of course not forget phone singh and high pressure unit as 
good as an iphone. This is further in the people of your only ever seen at 60 hz down at her why was the first time ever see hai refresh rate screen. On this is the thing i didn't talk about so long so widely for status on yesterday in its people. Australia. Notice anything different about the so much square to round baby hold the next week and found. Snow white. Use any different 
in arabic. Nurse many people in media in every state as i was hoping for a different things about that he did that people on the screen. Not everyone omnivorous promotion railway station and working for it. Boy. Boy. You have i am not crazy i have specialised anything so i can to this if you get somebody used to 120 hz. Just a fresher in general and a user's found for a couple weeks to months. And then you have them back is 60 hz found. They will never start difference and i 
want to switch back to people who buy this provides a used promotion want to switch back to its 60572 to switch to our first android phone on switch that even after i am hoping apple doesn't ship another 66 iphone next year it definitely good looking like. 90 hz everest software. Nearby. Does my stands on the high refresh rate the promotion in the implementation technically speaking is pretty great it's superpower accurate is very bright it looks great in 28 minutes so despite the nuts and synapsin the updated it one of the best looking screens on any friend right now and going with otp over it is found that when you have fresh rates of so be buried and so this is the second big thing about this new found which is. Who is lakshman paris that really good. Naresh population. Confounding factor is a rope and happy to make a satin detected the promotion tips below 60 hz to say we provide needed is number 1. Bachi hui a13 bionic is more efficient than last year. Ananda party songs actually quite effective and have you to supporting actually laudatory is a really big number 3 so the battery inside the 13 proverbs about 11% louder than at work and effort 3 pro max about 18% water when it was promised that was more now you can actually 
see you in the way is reference about 20 grams have your last year and probably have been further holi my now. And results have been termed as most people telling v15 pro and getting 6-7 hours screen on time no problem navigating the phone today i can say that in a. Antivirus pentesting 
f13 pro max at the studio and getting crazy entrance numbers. Day with five hours screen on time with 50% developed which is not song ganpati iphone 13 pro max right at the top of the barrel shaped 2021 power rankings right now alongside other forms of this supermassive paris at the allergy found by animal power soap screens check. Paris. Check. The biggest change with his new pro 
phones. Is the cameras again so. Prashnavali 13 12 and 13 promax heavy exact same sir cameras between the two forms of basic than iphone xs. Screen size and battery size 8 nice. Once again degree papa the profound and a camera at the camera but to go with a massive like related camera bump it is found if you have a case on the phone your mil in naresh it sits up fire rocks more from seven corners on the table. Adjust. Whatsapp funny. Mi 7 pro dual camera. Piano pieces next level is a much larger stanzas 1 amazon yourself with triple camera so the wider and mic and flash in each of these cameras is better than last year in its own right so the primary 12 megapixel 
camera with that even moderate censorship stabilization. Is excellent is rumoured to be consistent to various living in indore and address nearest there is also of course the photographic styles to choose from that talk about the previous video island on which contrast is my favourite and honestly just let it therefore most my photos. Meeting on neurasthenic sapera. Is the distance of work that we had only in the promax last year so this network is so easy now you might find 
yourself having it have to work used the verb words to make sure your focus on the rising. I am fine if you get natural background very much easier if 9 is perfect does it stop chinese smartphone upstox pro 10 october is better than tekfortune every time so it is a great job not printing also likes to be telford is also well this year so it's once again the biggest sensor in a saucepan and reacts after 40 minutes they were two extra 2.5 x 10 last year. Sivakasi data consistency between different cameras gives you the confidence to be all the switch between camera it doesn't even matter it when you're using and it's more than ever before. Now it's not as to anyone 
out there that deep trouble did you many very well some of the best hairstyles in literary fest at 10x boby iphone is max in array 15 a local watercolor painting near so it can be up to you to decide that something you care by having in your phone and last but not least the ottawa. Again closing in on the corner the corner sharpness of the main camera is not quite there but this is this is one area where was. Mary hawking rasiya higher resolution. Because you spreading this takes over such a wide range maybe 16 24 megapixel jivan would win ko the seeds to get that through matching sharpness. Nevertheless the photos and videos from your provide our world-class live it up some and any of device in any smartphone. And it's now or so keep a matter of a target on mikey autowired in 30 minutes. Free course wind up to 2 cm minimum focus distance. Amazon freedom and if your chromatic aberration in fringing in all affecting environment outside the frames. Pareshan is it chapter 4 kissing a pretty good close up. Why narrow. Why better than any traffic to make effects of macro camera has a built during the day the invention showing impressions video the profound doing is auto switching wear something comes out and about 14 cm of the camera it automatically switches to the autowired in macro mode. Doesn't tell you and doesn't love you manual switch back to the most annoying part of using a scammer to me at 1 24 sab subject speakers are you friend and every time i switched to the auto ads macro it produces an objectively was looking for separate shower and i have said sense that i do plan on adding the toggle menu out a microwave. How to get parent 78 should be a software update. Can wait for it because. Suffering astrophotography memory in iphone 11 night mode you can sometimes see some star city how the 
phone store for long enough. Energy from earth for menu control over flowers episode 13 february 8 2 release date. What i did air is cinematics video mode which i thought was 13 review. To summarise it's at ntp for react js is the your portable think it's the answer when it comes to taking the reins and making the best videos possible on your iphone is not yet. Tere honth tere shoe around focus tracking. Yes yaar phone so far away class but i found myself using the regularly 
on even parity apps to get the best video to iphone store innova taxi hope to get better iphone. Who was priya. China stress. Animal sounds. South africa phones should also ideal in a software update be getting forest area of alone to know your at the high quality video correct it used all over the fashion industry itself. Sweet should be awesome to be able to shoot a video from your phone mixer with other cameras drill into a leader and to start chat with smallest one forest video with the four kesari on every provide phone except. 228 play store it versions those who 
max at 30fps. If a this is because you just say what the storage device i want to like you. 30 samachar ok use big files ep 66 per minute to get the very people found in 2 hours a day. Process could be because the slowest storage that typically used in lower pricing never feared miles away storage. My oxford in the first place the hai diary one or the other maybe if i don't know what is known as long as if you're planning on getting a provider found just to see for ke baras video you have to get released at unit 6 version you can give all the way up to want to buy a bottle storage but having a wonder buy iphone 13 pro 4 huge paris files is offering to computer via lightening at those of a speed is going to take forever not exactly approve or 12. It's over for the big game ad was passed by us pcn level and fundable. It just never made it their uses for all the things that i wish this iphone pro have 2001 usb type c. Happened but i can't talk to him. Anantha structuring and amina 27 was that the cromax can you can we suffer from higher power 
brake that's not what i mean my creole 5065 or maybe even higher what is charging someday. That again. Happen and why apple hasn't done and some other things like high resolution camera available include like fun but nevertheless pro max is used battery store takes a very long time to charge anniversary 9 back option. My detail of this skin flat butt. Things that didn't quite fit into this foreo in turn down the street of the display to 60 hz wondered what is not in the display settings like in every other found its in accessibility settings onda motion. And then winner frame rate. Harjas diss mohanbari few minutes ago i was feeling a won't actually says that much battery on the stone considering is actively playing a gamble 60th all the time anywhere. Then 
if you're using a magsafe 2 charger which act with you and travelling. When you came a bump on the 13 12 is so big. Pretty close to the wireless charging coil to the point where if you have a case on your phone. Rasoi pubs the phone up slightly off the charger notes the works. I be careful what you by reducing case you get one with the camera bump that's too big and dm make contact with the charger 
anyone ananda news coverage aseno is developed their own personal looks in the present areas and an apple side just warning you most likely misspelt the bad thing to warning for sure is best i can withdraw before it from the shiny neurotic am so afraid to be produced after all. Spider. Every iphone upgrade from here to b and the time is. Npm i know that's why smartphones are. Is nothing wrong with more afraid in my thinking that are you eventually get greater something is getting over there. Everytime we do it. I will know that have done better when making videos enough to buy one in my store circus disclosure is online only can use for traders waiting 5000 classes for 3 people on earth and the topics dost ration withdrawal fee and now making a b de villiers before and software free much everything with you here and that no one can i get any time to try something about a newly defined by coronavirus something else if you're not good at that but i think people forget you sorry that gets its 
hands on the new and his office of the self start seeing is michael.